The purpose of this document is to guide the user through using the BEAT System.

Project Tab
How to create a project?
 On your left side under the project view box you will see two buttons labeled "New" and "-Delete". 

  1.Click "New" pop-up window will be displayed. It will ask you to enter the project name. 
  2.Click "Browse" and upload your .exe or .out file. Note: You must write a project description. 
  3.Click "Create" and the "New Project" pop-up window will close. You will see the project name, project description, binary file path, binary file  properties.
  4.Click the "+Save" button.

 When your project is saved you will see what you named to your project on the left side.

How to  look for a project?
 Under the project view, you will see a search bar,  click it and enter the name of the project that you are looking for.

How to delete a project?
    Select the project that you want to delete, click delete and a message will display "You are about to delete permanently a project. Are you sure you want to delete it?" click the "Yes" button.


Analysis Tab
How to run Static Analysis?
 A binary file must be uploaded first. 
  1. Select the Plugin and POI Type. Click the  Static Analysis "Run" button.

How to run Dynamic Analysis?
 Static analysis must be performed first in order to enable the Dynamic Analysis button
   1.Click the Dynamic Analysis "Run" button.

How to stop Dynamic Analysis?
 Click the Dynamic Analysis  “Stop” button.

How to delete the analysis result?
 Select the Analysis result that you want to delete. Click the “Delete Analysis Result” button. A message will be displayed "You are about to delete permanently an analysis result. Are you sure you want to delete it?" click the "Yes" button.



Plugin Management Tab
How to create a new plugin?
 Under plugin view box you will see two buttons labeled "New" and "-Delete". Click "New" and a pop-up window named "Create New Plugin" you must upload a "Plugin Structure" and Plugin Dataset, write the plugin name and write a "Plugin Description" click "OK" button and click the "+Save" button. When your plugin is saved you will see the plugin’s name on the left side.

How to delete a plugin?
 Select the plugin that you would like to delete, click the delete button and a message will be displayed "You are about to delete permanently this plugin. Are you sure you want to delete it?" click the "Yes" button.

How to find a plugin?
 Under the plugin view, you will see a search bar,  click it and enter the name of the plugin that you are looking for.

Point of Interest
How to create a Point of Interest?
 Under Point of Interest view box you will see two buttons labeled "New" and "-Delete".
   1.Click "New" and a pop-up window named "New POI" will be displayed. You must fill out the Point of interest name and the point of interest type. 
   2.Click the "OK" and "+Save" button. When your Point of Interest is saved you will see what you named that you labeled your Point of Interest on the left side.
    
How to search for a Point of Interest?
 Under the point of interest view, you will see a search bar,  click it and enter the name of the plugin that you are looking for.

How to delete a Point of Interest?
 Select the Point of Interest that you would like to delete, click the delete button and a message will be displayed "You are about to delete permanently a point of interest. Are you sure you want to delete it?" click the "Yes" button.


Documentation Tab
How to edit the BEAT Documentation?
 Under the BEAT Documentation view search bar, you will see the "BEAT Documentation" this document will help you learn how to use the system, such as creating a project, looking for a plugin, deleting a point of interest, etc. The BEAT Documentation box is editable you are allowed to make changes.

How to save the Beat Documentation?
 When the user writes in the BEAT Documentation box the "+Save" button will be enabled. Click the "+Save" button to save your changes.

How to restore the default version of the BEAT Documentation?
 When the user edits or saves a project the "Restore" button will be enabled. Click the "Restore" button to show the default BEAT Documentation.

How to see the Plugin Structure?
 The Plugin Structure must be selected or uploaded on the Plugin Management tab for the plugin structure to be enabled.


